Now, let's look at another test to claim a star,
and let's see how to handle transactions.
If you look at this second test,
it's another new test that we added.
So this was the first one, this is the second test right here.
Now, transactions. First of all,
in choosing between a transaction and the call,
is as simple as deciding whether you want to read data or write data,
which is modify data.
Transactions fundamentally change the state of the network.
A transaction can be as simple as sending either to another account,
or as complicated as executing a function,
or adding even a new contract to the network is also a transaction.
The defining characteristic of a transaction is that it writes or changes data.
Transactions caused ether to run,
which is also known as gas,
and transactions take time to process.
When you execute a contracts function via a transaction,
you cannot receive that functions return value
because the transaction is not processed immediately,
because it's a transaction, it takes time to process.
In general, functions meant to be executed via a transaction,
will not return a value and it will return a transaction ID instead.
Okay? Now, to summarize,
again transactions cost gas,
they change the state of the network,
they are not processed immediately,
and also would not return for specific value.
So that's the test we're looking at.
So if you look over here, we have await.
Again, same thing, we have a description, it function.
We're describing what kind of tests it is,
and we have the second argument is a function.
I'm going to put the word async,
just because I want to use await syntax.
Again, we have await instance.claimStar,
now we're recalling the function to claim a star.
Remember now, I also wanted to mention,
if you remember that our claims.function does not accept any arguments,
so where is this coming from?
This is an object that you pass to it,
and it's a special object that can always
be passed as the last parameter to any function.
So any function like this,
where you're trying to change something which is a transaction,
what you pass is an object,
and that object [inaudible].
You can set the address that you want to send the transaction from,
so I'm sending it from address owner.
Remember add owner will set you to whatever account is zero right there.
So I'm using address of owner who send this transaction for,
or you can always specify gas parameters using a gas keyword here.
You can also send ether along with [inaudible]
Of course, you are going to see examples of that soon when you write more tests.
So, you can use all those keywords right here.
So, this is just an object that you pass along.
If this function had parameters or arguments,
you can pass them right here before this object,
followed by the last one would be this object.
Then, we have an assert.equal.
So once we claim a star-
Now, we of course remember in our function over here.
If I go back to here.
So once we claim a star, this is where the star owner is set to the msg.sender.
What we're doing in our test file,
we're making sure that this is equal to the owner, right?
So this is what it was, because in this function we're setting it to the owner,
which is the msg.sender,
which is of course owner,
because we're calling it from this address.
Then what we're doing, is that we're comparing and making sure that this equals.
Let's go write another test,
and we'll go run a test after that in the next video.